feat: document PromQL usage (#212)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/user-guide/supported-protocols/http-api.md

}
```

## `/promql`

> `/promql` executes PromQL statements and returns results. For more information about PromQL, please refer to the [PromQL reference document](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/basics/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`/promql` executes PromQL statements and returns corresponding results. For more information about PromQL, please refer to the [PromQL reference document](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/basics/).
```

> This interface is detailed in the [Use-PromQL](../use-promql.md) document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find details of the interface in the [Use-PromQL](../use-promql.md) document.
```
